I think ol Jean and you know why this
big old brown on my face I'm not selling
enough cars and trucks well looky here I
got a 1999 volkswagen passat now usually
big old John sells these 483 99 but I
got a secret for you those prices are
going down goodnight process how about
seven thousand dollars yeah now look at
this a 2002 ford ranger that I usually
sell for 4499 but here at big ol John's
we're slapping classes in the stupid
jerk prospects grass don't want to go
down and only 3000 Coons now do what I
want a nineteen ninety four hundred
court that I usually sell for 2599 shako
to sleep go to sleep go to sleep high
prices how about fifteen hundred plus
the bottom of my barbecue sauce
delicious SE habrá spaniol now big old
John didn't have to do this folks that
you guys have forced my hand this
hunkajunk usually goes for seven hundred
and forty nine dollars but I'm gonna
mess this price up real good in a dark
and disturbing way haha it's free and
i'll throw in my mother-in-law on a mule
wait the same thing I hear voices and
the voices tell big old John to do
horrible things to hard process so hurry
up and come on down to big old John's
you absolutely no idea what I'm capable
of doing too hot process hey
oh they'll John's big old Carl Allen
corner 17th and Olympic in Santa Monica
LOL they're not real guns